Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[door unlatching]
[insects chirping]
[siren wailing in the distance]
[door shutting]
[siren growing closer]
[whooshing sound]
[dramatic music]
[siren continues]
[gentle knocking on door]
[Woman] Mayor
Johnson. are you okay?
We received word of a
disturbance at your residence.
We're going to need
you to open the door.
[rapid knocking on door]
[insects chirping]
Uh. hi officer. um...
...is. is everything okay?
We received a tip that
there was some sort
of physical altercation
in your home.
Are you okay ma'am?
Oh. I'm fine.
Yeah. I'm fine.
But. um. well.
thanks for checking.
but there's no problem.
Would you mind if we
came in just to confirm
that you're okay?
You know. I was
just heading to bed.
so that's really not
necessary but thank you.
[hand thudding on door]
[tense music]
Uh. I'm--
[Officer] Ma'am I'm going to
need you to step aside.
It's not necessary.
really. I was just--
[Mayor stammering]
Mayor Johnson. are
you here alone?
Yes. yes I am.
Why is there blood on your hand?
[Mayor stammering nervously]
I was cooking and
a knife slipped.
Can you show me the knife?
You know what?
I want you out of here.
this is very unprofessional.
[male officer] There's blood!
Take a look.
There's a body in the
pool. Mayor Ella Johnson.
you were under arrest.
No. I don't know how
that body got there.
I didn't do anything.
I don't know how that
body got in there.
[telephone ringing]
We've got another
missing girl. twenty-two.
African-American.
Another one. here in Cyprus?
Yeah. just trying to determine
if there's any connection
to the girl who went
missing in Macon last week.
The one in Atlanta.
homeless and black girl.
-no one's talking.
-[door slamming]
Right and it's hard to--
[woman panting]
I have something
I want to report.
Is it regarding the
missing young woman?
No. it's regarding my mother.
[Mayor] Let me go! I'm the
Mayor let me go.
Get your hands off of me.
Get these handcuffs off of
me. I did not kill Malik.
I was set up. I'm gonna have
everybody in here fired!
Christie. Christie
baby. I didn't do it.
I swear to God I
didn't do it Christie.
I didn't do it.
baby I didn't do it.
Help me!
Malik?
[whooshing sound]
There's something
I gotta tell you.
What's up?
I'm pregnant.
That's great news.
[tense music]
It's yours.
[whooshing sound]
[somber piano music]
Babe. we need to talk.
Sure. you okay baby?
Kendrick. there's something
I need to tell you.
-Oh--
-[cell phone ringing]
No. this is just my dad.
I can call him back. What's up?
No. it's okay.
You sure?
Of course.
All right.
Pop what's up. man?
Wait. what?
Mom's been arrested? For what?
[scoffing] For killing
Malik Thompson?
[tense music]
What?
Yeah. Malik Thompson is dead.
I got to get down to that
police station ASAP. yeah Dad.
Dad I got to call
you back. Stacia.
Stacia wake up. Stacia
wake up. Stacia.
So they found his
body in her pool?
Ma'am I'm really sorry
but I can't say more about
an ongoing investigation.
but you may need to see about
getting your mother a lawyer.
Leona. what are you doing here?
I just heard that they were
bringing your mother in.
What are the police
saying about the murders?
Christie where are you going?
I've got to get out of here.
Just get her a lawyer.
[handcuffs clanking]
Give me your name. now!
[camera shutter clicking]
Detective Vivera.
You can't keep me here if
you're not going to charge me.
Do you want to be charged?
I'm the mayor. do
you really believe
that I would murder someone
and then leave their
body in my damn pool?
I mean. you've got the
victim's blood on your hands.
Because I was trying to help.
You know what?
No. never mind. I'm not doing
this. I want my lawyer.
I'm not answering any
more of your questions.
Now. if you are not
going to charge me
you need to let me go.
Mayor Johnson. you are
the primary suspect.
So. I'm sure you're aware
that we can hold you
for up to 48 hours
before pressing charges.
You are not going to
hold me for 48 minutes.
I will have your damn badge.
We'll see about that.
I want my phone call. I said
I want my damn phone call!
I want my phone call.
Careful. careful
now. working hand
won't serve you in prison.
Mother what are you doing here?
I came to help.
Well what. bury me?
Ella. you don't exactly
have allies lining up
outside the door.
Christie practically
sprinted out of here.
Is she the one
who turned you in?
I guess I could call Kendrick.
I believe he's out
of the hospital
but he's not exactly known
for being useful is he?
You put him inthe hospital.
I have no idea what
you're talking about dear.
Do you want me to call Rex?
Oh. you two are usually
Bonnie and Clyde.
What's wrong?
You know exactly what's
wrong with me and Rex.
He killed my father
under your orders.
Lower your voice.
We're not going to discuss
things you don't understand.
Why are you here?
To help you. no matter
what's happened between us.
we are still family and I am
not gonna let you go to prison.
Now. this document gives
me power of attorney.
I can hire you a lawyer
and make sure you get
out of this without destroying
what's left of our legacy.
Oh no. no. no. Oh. I am not
signing anything from you.
Ella Mae. you don't have
any other options.
What do you want.
a public defender?
Look. you have burned
all your bridges.
Let me help you. We both
know I've cleaned up
your messes before.
Beside. there is
blood on your hands.
[dramatic music]
Sign.
[light jazz music playing]
[doorbell ringing]
-Hey. what's going on?
-[woman sobbing]
Hey. hey it's okay. It's okay.
Come on in. tell me all
about it. Come on.
[sobbing]
I went to the police.
You turned your mom in for
St. Charles and the others?
No. I was going to and
then...there she was.
Ella?
Yes. she was arrested.
for Malik Thompson's murder.
Malik's dead?
Apparently they found
him in her pool.
So she killed him too.
It just doesn't make any
sense. I was just over there.
She confessed. why would
she then go and kill Malik
and leave a body for
the police to find?
Why does your
mother do anything?
There's no reason she
wanted Malik dead.
Ella hated Malik.
he's the reason she
lost the church.
The church isn't
worth killing for.
And what was worth
killing St. Charles
and Sherry Tucker and Payne?
-Stop.
-You stop.
Stop making excuses.
Your mom is not the victim here.
She needs to pay for
what she did to Malik
and those other people.
This was a mistake. I
shouldn't have come here.
No. not if you're
looking for an excuse
to give Ella a free pass.
No. I was looking for
some understanding.
Maybe that's just too
much to ask for.
[cell phone ringing]
Kendrick?
Okay. I'll be right
over. Just...okay--
Good night Levi.
Good night.
Burning the midnight oil. I see.
Leona. it's been a long time.
What are you doing here so late?
Don't act so
surprised. Kimberly.
You know. we were
overdue for a visit.
Well. you could have
scheduled an appointment.
I don't need one.
I'm sure you've heard about
my daughter's unfortunate
run-in with the law.
Yes. that's why I'm here.
Someone needs to step in
while Ella is indisposed
and since I'm city council.
president. I'm clearly--
In a position to appoint me.
as acting mayor of Cyprus.
Leona. I don't have
time for your games.
Trust me. this is no game.
Cyprus is in chaos.
An embattled mayor.
young black women going
missing. CEO's getting murdered.
The city needs a firm
hand to guide it.
And you think that's you?
Aren't you fresh out
of the psych ward?
We both know I have always
been in control of my faculties
but let's talk about you.
You have always had such talent.
especially when it comes to
cooking the city's books.
You need to leave.
Oh. don't be so dramatic.
I'm grateful. you've
always provided assistance
when I needed you to
facilitate some of my more
sensitive business endeavors.
Yeah. that's because
you blackmailed me.
No. it was always a mutually
beneficial transaction.
I scratched your back.
With a hacksaw.
And now you are going
to scratch my mine.
You are going to secure the
necessary council votes for me
to be placed as acting
mayor. effective immediately.
And I will make
sure that my decades
of documentation tracking
your financial creativity.
don't see the light of day.
Okay. well your pulse is steady.
Are you having any pain
or trouble breathing?
No. I just got a
little lightheaded.
You didn't have to come
all the way over here.
you look so nice.
Are you crazy?
Of course I did. that's my
little niece or nephew in there.
I gotta make sure
they're straight.
can't be fainting on us
like that. scaring us.
But seriously. you should
consider going to the hospital.
I can call your O.B.
No. honestly. I just
got light headed.
See. now you being stubborn.
Now listen. I'm
worried about the baby.
but my main concern is you.
You never fainted like
that before Stacia.
Well. I've never been
pregnant before babe.
I'm not playing.
that's not funny.
Seriously. I got overwhelmed
by the news of Malik's death.
Listen. I get it. Malik
was your boss. your friend.
and I know you're
gonna miss him.
that's understandable.
Yeah. Listen.
I'm...I'm just tired.
I wanna go to sleep.
I'll call my doctor
in the morning.
-Stacia--
-I will.
All right. get you some rest.
I'm gonna step out for a minute
and talk to Christie okay?
Okay.
Christie I mean it. thank
you for coming all the way
over here to check on me.
Of course.
Stop fussing.
Well. stop fainting.
You get yourself some
rest. you understand me?
I'll be back.
Can you please stay the night?
Listen. I know I'm
probably being paranoid
but I am very worried
about her and our baby.
That's not paranoia. that's
just you being a good dad.
And of course I'll stay.
Thank you so much.
and look. you don't
have to stay late.
I just need someone
here when she wakes up.
And where are you going to be?
I'm going to the jail
to see mom as soon as
visiting hours start. my dad
said that she being held.
she ain't even been charged yet.
I think this whole
thing is just crazy.
there's no way she killed Malik.
Why you looking like that?
You know. she ain't do it right?
Come on now. she's the mayor.
Our mother is not capable
of murder. you know that.
Yeah. you're right Kendrick.
[chuckling]
All right. I'm going to go set
that guest room up for you.
[dramatic music]
[reporter on TV] This just in.
and we have breaking news
here at WQKCL. following
mayor Ella Johnson
being taken in for questioning
as the primary suspect
in the murder of Upsurge
CEO. Malik Thompson.
It has now been confirmed
that the Cyprus city council
has placed Leona Bird in
the role of acting mayor
[screaming] What?
Effective immediately.
Oh. hell no. Officer!
Officer. guard. I need
to make my phone call.
You know you hear me. I
need to make my phone call.
I'm here to see my mother
Mayor Ella Johnson.
She's not the mayor anymore.
Man just let me see my mother.
Your name?
Kendrick Murphy.
Sign in and take a seat.
Come with me.
About time.
[door buzzing]
-Kendrick.
-Mom.
[Policeman] Hands
off the prisoner.
Prisoner?
She hasn't even been charged.
Y'all shouldn't even be
holding her in here anyway.
Do you wanna visit or
do you want your mom
to go back to her cell?
We good. man.
Oh Kendrick. baby
thanks for coming.
Of course. Mom. you know I'm
gonna get you out of here.
Baby I need a lawyer.
I need one right now.
What about Stacia do you
think she'll come down
and represent me?
What you don't
think she'll do it ?
It's not that mom. it was
a incident last night.
Stacia fainted.
Is the baby okay?
The baby's okay. she's okay.
but I just don't want her
running around right now.
Really Kendrick?
I mean. this is
kind of important.
I know Ma. and we're
going to handle it.
if not Stacia. I'll
find you somebody else.
I know you didn't kill Malik.
Thank you. baby. I
needed to hear that.
you are the only person that
I have in my corner right now.
But Ma. you got
Christie and dad too.
No. I can't deal with them.
Look you gotta
get me out of here
because Leona is
already making moves.
I don't know what
she's going to pull.
while I'm locked away in here.
Don't worry. we gonna handle it.
Just keep your head down
and don't make any waves.
I'm gonna talk to Stacia. we're
going to get you out of here.
I promise you that. all right?
Why thank you baby.
-I promise.
-Okay thank you.
-I love you. Mom.
-[Ella] I love you too.
Don't worry about
nothing. I got you.
[Ella] Oh. get me
out of here Kendrick.
-Okay.
-[Ella] Please.
I got you. don't worry.
-[Ella] What are you doing?
-What the hell?
What are you doing?
-[indistinct arguing]
[Policeman] You're under arrest.
[Kendrick] For what?
[Ella] What did he do?
What are the charges?
Not staying dead.
[Kendrick] What are
you talking about?
What the hell is wrong with you?
Why are you doing that?
I'm the mayor.
I'm bringing law
and order to Cyprus.
My law. my order.
I should have never trusted you.
Well. to be fair. you're the one
who got yourself locked up.
I'm just making the best
of a messy situation.
You can't keep me
locked up in here.
I didn't kill Malik. I
haven't even been charged.
Maybe. maybe not.
but I'm pretty sure I still
have you for at least 48 hours.
I could do so. so
much in that time.
This was always your
plan. Oh. you set me up.
You killed Malik.
You set me up. you killed Malik.
you put his body in my
pool. you set me up!
You dirty bitch. you're not
gonna get away with this!
Dirty bitch. she's the one.
she killed him. Arrest her.
she's the murderer.
she's the murderer!
You're not gonna
get away with this!
[chattering]
-Cell already.
-Don't touch me.
Look. I demand my call.
No more phone calls.
I have rights.
[Policeman] Not anymore.
Folic acid. vitamin C.
Oh I know. Kendrick
made a spreadsheet
along with every recommended
prenatal vitamin.
He's just excited.
I know.
You didn't have
to stay the night.
I don't mind. it feels
good to be needed.
to be taking care of someone.
I thought Kendrick would
be back by now though.
I'm sure he'll be back soon.
Go get your day started.
Okay.
I promise that I have
met my fainting quota
for this pregnancy.
All right. girl. I'll
take the hint and I'll go.
But listen. I am so happy
for you and Kendrick.
You're going to
be a great mother
and I might be being biased.
but I think your baby's
got the best dad.
Me too.
All right. I'll
talk to you later?
Yes.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[suspenseful music]
Levi Stirling. Just
the man I want to see.
Lady bird.
Well I haven't been called
that in quite some time.
I appreciate it. Others
should follow your example
and show me the proper respect.
Well. from what I hear.
you're not exactly the most
popular member of the
New Hope Church. family.
Well. Jesus wasn't
always popular either.
What can I do for you?
As I'm sure you've heard.
I'm the new mayor of Cyprus.
Acting mayor. right?
Well that's semantics.
with my daughter
out of the picture.
I'll be making some changes.
one of which involves you.
How so?
I'd like to buy
New Hope from you.
Not looking to sell.
What if I had something to
sweeten the offer. beyond money?
No disrespect. but I have
had more than enough dealings
with the bird women
to last a lifetime.
You have nothing I want.
What about your mobility?
Hmm?
You're still a young
virile man Levi.
you have your whole
life ahead of you.
Wouldn't you want to have your
full range of motion back?
I have been to specialists.
spent months in extremely
painful physical therapy.
you can't deliver that.
Oh Levi. if I
make a promise.
I always deliver.
You make it so I don't
need this anymore?
Maybe we have something
to talk about.
[mysterious music]
[Rex] How are you my friend?
Rex. just in time to
join me for a drink.
Sounds like fun. I didn't come
here for a nightcap Leona.
Suit yourself.
I see you didn't waste much time
getting comfortable
in Ella's place.
Well. Ella sold my home.
so I might as well
make good use of hers.
since she's not using it.
This place is a
crime scene Leona.
Well. I told the
police forensic team to
put a rush on gathering
their evidence.
Besides. I'm not planning on
taking a dip in the pool.
[chuckling]
Cold blooded Leona.
What do you want. Rex?
Well. I came by to talk
about a little business.
madam mayor.
Oh?
I want you to green light
my transportation company...
[sinister music]
...and I'm not asking.
There's no need for threats.
You and I hold more secrets
than my husband's silly journal
could ever contain.
Really?
I'm more than happy to
approve your little business.
In fact. I'll put a rush on it.
Why are you doing that. Leona?
Because I want to hire you.
I have a special piece of cargo.
I need you to deliver to me.
You're something else Leona.
Stacia. what are you doing
here this time of night?
I was actually
looking for Kendrick.
Have you seen him?
No. but he said he's going
over to the jail earlier.
That was this morning.
I've been calling
his phone all day.
it's going straight
to voicemail.
Have you checked the hospital?
Yes. he hasn't been admitted.
It's not like him to go M.I.A.
You're right. especially
with you being pregnant.
Right.
Where do you think he could be?
[dramatic music]
Yes. Rex.
Thank you.
Philomena. welcome home dear.
Forgive me. Willie.
I can't remember how
you like your tea.
I prefer mine piping hot.
I hope you slept well.
What am I doing here. Leona?
Well. I missed your company.
You never came to visit
me when I was locked
away in that sanitarium.
-Leona--
-Surprisingly.
since you were so instrumental
in me being sent there.
I'm sorry. I had no choice.
Don't apologize. I kept
myself very well occupied.
And I managed to
keep tabs on you.
You have been very busy. dear.
but we'll talk about
that later.
Right now. I need
something from you.
What?
Anything.
You always had your
finger on the pulse.
always knew the latest
experimental treatments.
made connections with
those breaking ground
in various fields. especially
those who weren't concerned
with pesky little things like
regulations. or FDA approval.
What are you getting at Leona?
I need for you to
connect me with someone.
A physician. Someone
who specializes
in the field of mobility.
Yes pastor. whatever Jabar needs
for Malik's funeral. let's
make sure we provide it.
Tamra as well.
[knocking]
Bye. thank you. I need to
run. but I'll talk soon. bye.
Lady bird. you're back.
Well. I come bearing gifts.
Never say I don't
deliver on my promises.
And what is this?
That is the direct
line of the physician.
that's going to heal you.
Who is this?
Some voodoo priestess or
some shady back alley doctor
you're going to
have paralyze me?
I assure you. it's all
perfectly legitimate.
Leona. I've already spoken with
the best specialist in New York.
Which makes it even
more fortunate.
that you are currently
here at Cyprus.
That particular physician
works out of a private
medical facility. here.
I think you're playing me.
I assure you. I'm not.
What do you have to lose?
Go meet the doctor. if you
don't feel comfortable.
don't let the doctor treat you.
but think about all
you have to gain. oh.
You can even coach
your little girl.
at one of her soccer games.
I hear she's a
wonderful athlete.
Don't talk about my daughter.
As you wish.
I took the Liberty of
having this drawn up.
If it works. I secure
half of New Hope.
Do we have a deal?
Only if it works.
Oh it will.
[door slamming]
[woman] You better
not lose my jewelry.
Hey. hey. let me out of here.
I still want my
lawyer. I want my call.
-What?
-You hear me.
Damn it.
How long have you been in here?
I don't know. I don't have
a watch or a damn phone.
Aren't you the mayor?
Yes.
Yeah saw on the news. you
killed someone. that CEO.
No. I did not.
All right. no judgment.
He probably had it coming.
I'm Jalisa.
Hello.
I know. Why are you in holding?
They don't got you in a suite?
I haven't been charged
for your information.
And also. they haven't given me
a lawyer or a damn phone call.
Well they like to
hold out on that
for as long as possible.
I can tell you this
ain't your first time.
No. they like to
harass girls like me.
Oh. so what does that mean?
Meaning they call
you Madam Mayor.
and they just call me Madam.
What. you run women like
a pimp or something?
I don't run girls.
I protect them.
At least I did. no one's
protecting them now.
Why. 'cause you're in here?
No. because young black
women are being snatched up
all over the state.
this is your city.
don't you watch the news?
So wait a minute.
you're telling me that
all of those women.
they weren't working girls?
No. but does that matter?
They're still missing.
they're still being
treated the same.
People think black
girls can just disappear
and it won't matter. We matter.
Damn. I agree with you.
So. why are you in here?
Cause one of my girls.
Candy. she went missing.
Candy?
[whooshing sound]
I have a little treat for you.
You don't have to
get me anything Ella.
just being here with you
is good enough for me.
Ella Mae.
you're really beautiful.
You know Candy?
That doesn't surprise
me. she's very sweet.
We just started
working together.
So. she's missing?
Yeah. and I've been
asking around.
started asking questions
to the wrong cop.
turns out he was undercover.
That's why he arrested you?
That's how they like
to keep us in line.
I know the routine by now.
Candy. she's a good girl.
It's funny how that line
gets blurred though. huh?
I mean. look at you.
you're a good girl.
Madam Mayor probably
came from a good family.
now you're looking
at a murder charge.
Yeah well. I don't think
anybody thinks I'm good anymore.
I have definitely
made some mistakes.
So you did murder that
guy. does he know?
No. I did not.
[cell phone ringing]
Wait a minute.
you got a phone.
All that thinking you're
doing ain't gonna help you.
just throw down.
Good afternoon.
I'm Anita Robinson
with WQCL TV. we interrupt
our scheduled programming
to bring you a press
conference from acting mayor
Leona Bird. live from
Cyprus City Hall.
You watching this?
Leona. what the
hell are you doing?
[Leona] Good afternoon. I wanted
to take this opportunity
to formally introduce myself.
-I am mayor Leona Bird.
-[camera shutters clicking]
[reporters shouting]
Calm down. there will
be plenty of time for us
to get to know
each other better.
Due to my daughter. Ella
Johnson's unfortunate
entanglement with
the legal system.
it was my duty at the request
of the Cyprus City Council
to step in as acting
mayor. Council woman Davis.
I am always happy to
do whatever it takes
for the city of Cyprus
and I am honored that
you and the council
have asked me to
take on this role.
Citizens of Cyprus.
the murder of Malik
Thompson was a tragedy.
but it is not the only one.
Cyprus has lost
its moral compass.
Moral compass.
you lucky your ass don't
get struck by lightning.
[laughing]
And as you well know.
young black women
are disappearing at
an alarming rate.
As mayor I will do whatever it
takes to protect our girls.
[lite applause]
Cyprus is in a
state of emergency.
That's why effective
immediately.
I am instituting
a citywide curfew.
All citizens of Cyprus must
be in their homes by 7:00 p.m.
-unless otherwise authorized.
-Curfew. Please.
Ain't nobody gonna
listen to no damn curfew.
To ensure that this
is properly enforced.
and that Cypress
citizens remain safe.
I have designated a special unit
of police officers.
to enforce the curfew
and other necessary regulations.
Heretofore they will be known
as the squadron
of faith officers.
[boots thumping on ground]
They'll be adorned with
this elegant bird pin.
Citizens of Cyprus.
know that the faith
officers are here for you.
You are wild. you crazy bitch.
They're people you can trust.
Thank you and have
a blessed day.
[softly singing]
[Pastor] You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Just searching
for some guidance.
I've always been able
to find that here.
even in a new church.
Spirit can make any
building a home.
Look. sorry to hear
about your mother.
Thank you.
I'm not sure the
women in my family
have always deserved
that compassion.
Hey. God's grace is
for everyone.
They just have to want it.
Pastor. have you ever
had to make the decision
to turn away from someone
who may be beyond grace?
No. I think that we all
only have so much capacity
for love and forgiveness.
but it's up to each and
every one of us to decide
what our limits are.
But hey. it's kind of
meaning for new hope.
if you think about.
that hopefully we'll be
able to show each other
the same empathy and grace that
we all want God to show us.
[officer] May we have your
attention. please?
It's six o'clock.
We'd like to encourage
y'all to head home.
in order to abide by
the seven o'clock curfew.
Excuse me. they're still
having choir practice.
And the curfew is seven o'clock.
And how do you plan
on enforcing that?
This is a church plus
it's private property.
Well. private property.
that's partially owned
by mayor Bird.
-What?
-That's crazy.
Levi owns his church and he
would have told me about that.
Sir. I don't actually care.
Now. the curfew will be
enforced all over the city.
You could abide by it.
You mean obey it.
Or you can face
the consequences.
Okay. let's just
send everyone home.
while we get things sorted out.
You should listen to the lady.
[Pastor] Hmm.
All of a sudden I've gone deaf.
Have a blessed day.
Let's go. man.
You forget something Charlie?
Leona.
What is this all about?
Good evening Rex.
Leona. what are you doing here?
My faith officers are here
to execute the curfew.
It's after seven. you
should be home by now.
Really?
You're crazy Leona.
Am I?
You seem to be confused about
the rules that have been set.
or maybe you think they
don't apply to you.
I don't know what you're
trying to pull Leona.
but you and your little birds
need to get off
my damn property.
As mayor. I've instituted
a new tithing structure.
All businesses of Cyprus
will need to tithe a portion
of their profits to New
Hope Baptist Church.
Well. I'm not tithing a cent.
'cause you're a crazy-ass bitch.
Careful Rex.
What's in it for
you. Leona. huh?
'Cause Levi owns New Hope.
He's your new little boy toy.
are you lining his pockets?
I own half of New Hope.
See that's it right there.
This little shakedown you're
doing is all about you
lining your pockets.
Well as owner of New Hope.
I will be ensuring that the
tithes go to godly pursuits
that will help the
people of Cyprus.
Now. it's time
for you to pay up.
You're so full of it.
don't put your hands on me.
Thank you Rex.
Leona. I swear to God.
I'm going to take your ass down.
I still got the journals Leona
and I'm gonna tell the whole
world all your secrets.
you hear me?
You can try. I won't
lose any sleep over it.
Hmm. but Kendrick might.
Kendrick?
Where's Kendrick Leona?
Get home safe Rex.
Leona you know
where Kendrick is.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Crazy bitch.
Hello?
[whispering] Rex. Rex it's me.
don't hang up.
Ella?
I need your help.
Leona she set me up
for Malik's murder. she
got me locked away in here.
No. lawyers. no phone
calls. no nothing.
Did Kendrick get out yet?
Kendrick?
She arrested Kendrick?
Yeah. right in front of me.
Oh you didn't know?
No.
Look. Rex I need you
to get me out of here.
there's no telling
what Leona will do.
Don't worry. trust me all right?
Rex. Rex don't hang
up. wait.
-[phone shutting]
-Damn it.
Stacia. I know
where Kendrick is.
I'm Stacia Cunningham
and I demand to see my
client Kendrick Murphy.
[computer keys clacking]
Oh. there's no record of a
Kendrick Murphy here. ma'am.
Also it's after curfew.
you're suppose to be home. so.
Timmins?
That's my name.
Timmins. you are denying
my client due process.
Now I know he's here. you
will bring him to me now
or I will sue this entire
department. beginning with you.
Let me see what I can
do ma'am. follow me.
Finally. Kendrick-
Stacia. it's good to see you.
Where's Kendrick?
I know you have him locked
away somewhere in here.
you haven't even charged
him with anything.
This? This is an abuse of power.
You will release Kendrick
into my custody right now.
My goodness. I never
realized Kendrick
inspired such passion.
Now Leona.
Kendrick will be
released when I see fit
and not one moment before.
You can't do that.
Oh I can and I can
do so much more.
Then you will be
facing a lawsuit
and when I'm done. Kendrick
will own this entire city.
Well. I don't know about that.
I'm sure Kendrick would
appreciate all this fierce
loyalty you're exhibiting.
but I wonder how
grateful he would be.
when he finds out you've
been lying to him.
about him being the father
of your unborn child.
-What?
-[Leona chuckling]
Stacia. you should know by now
I always do my due diligence.
You and Kendrick were both
recently hospitalized.
it didn't take
much poking around
for me to get my hands
on your medical records.
Just take me to him and I
will tell him the truth.
Well you could. if you had
any proof. he was even here.
[laughing]
Kendrick is off the books.
I will file a complaint. Leona.
Oh. filing your nails would
be a better use of your time.
By the time you get through
all of that legal red tape.
who knows where
Kendrick will be.
or what condition he'll be in.
I'm not going to
let you hurt him.
Well. that's entirely up to you.
Here's how this
is going to work.
You're going to leave Kendrick
right where he is for now.
safe and sound and.
in the meantime.
you're going to do me
a very personal favor.
Hey Stacia. what's going on?
Were you able to get him?
I couldn't get him out.
I couldn't even get in
to him to see him.
I can't even confirm that
he's being held in custody.
Damn. all right
listen. sit tight.
I'm gonna have to
handle this myself.
Okay.
[cell door buzzing and slamming]
Johnson. get up.
What is my lawyer here?
Am I getting out?
Come on. follow me.
What's going on?
Where are you taking me?
Do I have a visitor.
what's going on?
When I say go. you're going
straight for that door.
Don't stop. you understand?
Who sent you?
Go.
[siren whirring]
Ella Mae. get in.
Come on.
Rex. you came.
You sold the church to Leona.
I'm not getting into
this with you. Christie.
You are such a hypocrite.
You wanted me to send
my own mother to prison
and here you are doing deals
with that monster. like Leona?
How much did she pay you Levi?
Was it worth it?
It might be.
Leona promised to make
me fully mobile again.
if I sold her the church.
so no more of this.
full use of my body.
She can't promise you that Levi.
She's not a doctor.
Maybe she can and maybe
it's worth it for me to try.
So I can try to be whole again.
Levi. you are not broken.
you are whole.
You can't say that.
You don't know what it's like.
you don't know what I lost.
did you know I had to
learn how to walk again
after they shot me?
Or did you know that
I'm always in pain?
I'm so sorry. I
didn't know that.
Then you can't say
it's not worth it.
Levi. I get it.
I understand why
you want to do this.
but you can't trust Leona.
Please. Levi.
So why don't you
break me out huh?
I mean. why are you
trying to help me?
It's not about you. Ella.
It's about Leona.
We got to shut her down.
I guess I didn't realize
just how twisted she is.
to set your own daughter
up for murder. She's sick.
and to think that
you were with her.
don't try to act like you
didn't sleep with her.
That was a long time ago. Ella
and after I laid eyes on you.
I never touched
her again. I swear.
Now listen. Kendrick
is still locked up.
he's off the grid. there's no
telling what Leona did to him.
You know what's sad?
He's still paying
for our mistakes.
Yeah Rex. we gotta stop her.
[gun clacks]
[telephone ringing]
[mysterious music]
[call silenced]
-[door opening]
-Mr. Sterling.
I'm excited to meet you.
You sure this is safe?
It is experimental.
There are always risks. but
I've had major successes.
Now. Mr. Sterling.
it's imperative
that our interaction
remains discreet.
Full disclosure.
only met with you
based on who referred you.
but I will say you're an
extremely promising candidate
for this drug protocol.
What if it doesn't work?
Every patient's different.
but focus on what could
happen if it does.
I'll see you soon.
Leona?
You've gotten what you wanted.
you need to let me go now.
Willie. I'm so disappointed
that you seem so
anxious to leave.
it was starting to
feel like old times.
Leona please. I've got
important work to do.
I need to get back now.
Oh. I know exactly
what work you're doing.
I can explain.
Oh. it's all very
interesting. actually.
but you didn't really think
I was going to just let you
waltz back into your new life.
after the way you betrayed me?
Please. you have to understand.
I was just--
Saving yourself at
what cost to me?
My freedom. my reputation.
Leona please. I've given
you all I can. please.
please I'm sorry.
Forgive me?
No.
Take her.
No Leona. Leona. please.
Leona! Leona.
please. Please. Leona!
Please! Leona. please!
As the curfew continues.
some citizens have concerns
that the mayor may be
capitalizing on her authority.
Good evening.
citizens of Cyprus.
What? Rex get in here.
As the mayor of our great city.
I know your fears.
That's why I offer a
strong hand. guided by God
to lead us through them.
It will take the
collective sacrifice.
of Cypress' citizens to lead
us to the promised land.
It gives me no pleasure to
announce that my daughter.
Ella Johnson. has escaped
from police custody.
The long and merciful
arm of justice requires.
that she face the consequences
of her alleged crimes.
Ella Mae. I as a righteous
servant of Cyprus.
implore you to turn yourself in.
That bitch is crazy.
I would also like to announce.
that we are
intensifying the search
for our missing girls.
As such I have instituted
a new protocol of random
search and seizure.
What in the hell?
I encourage all citizens
of Cyprus to cooperate
with our committed and
gracious faith officers.
as they do the work
of finding our girls.
We will find our girls.
Have faith in the process.
have faith in me.
Thank you and have
a blessed day.
[playing off-key]
[slams keys]
[groaning in pain]
[thumping cane on floor]
[sniffles]
[cane clacks on piano]
[sighing]
[breathing deeply]
[thudding]
[rapid knocking]
[groaning loudly]
[rapid. tense music]
[rapid knocking]
Levi.
[loud groaning]
Levi. Levi. oh my God.
Levi. Levi!
[yelling in pain]
[Levi yelling in pain]
[Levi] Oh God!
Yes. I need an ambulance.
[loud groaning]
Yeah.
So what did he say?
He said Leona has
Kendrick on deep lockdown.
We can't get to him?
No. we can't break him out.
But he hasn't been
charged for anything.
I mean. she can't
hold him indefinitely.
Station said he's not
even in the system.
So basically Leona has
created her own shadow prison.
Yeah. she's locking
up all her enemies
and throwing away the key.
Rex the only way we're
gonna get him out.
is we gotta take her down.
I agree and that's
why you're here.
What?
Listen to me. you're
the real mayor.
You know the system
inside and out.
So what's your next move?
'Cause if it was up
to me. I'd handle it
the old fashioned way.
Nurse. are there any
updates with his status?
He's stable. the
seizures have stopped.
He should regain
consciousness soon.
Thank God.
It's good you got
him in when he did.
you may have just
saved his life.
And Leona almost ended it.
You gotta lay low.
Ella. be cool.
They looking for you.
Yeah well. maybe
you should just take
some of the side streets.
you know it's past curfew.
The last thing we need is
for you to be pulled over
by one of them damn bird men.
[chuckling]
Yeah well. you ain't
gotta worry about them.
because they're gonna
be distracted now.
Mother. what have you done?
[Rex] Damn.
[rapid knocking]
Ella. what are you doing here?
You know. there's a warrant
out for your arrest.
I know. that's why I'm
here. now let us in
we gotta talk.
No. if Leona finds
out. there's no telling
what she'll do.
Kimberly look around.
she's already doing it.
Cypress is in chaos and
you gave her the power.
which we both know that means
she has something on you.
Listen to me. Kimberly.
this has got to stop now.
now I don't know what it
is that Leona has on you.
but it can't be worth
this. now let us in.
Move.
[footsteps approaching]
Move out of my way. I need
to speak to my grandmother.
Let her in. she's harmless.
You can go.
You could have killed him.
Who?
Levi.
With whatever that drug was
you had that whack
job doctor prescribe.
I assure you that. while
he's somewhat unorthodox.
he's no whack job.
Levi's in the hospital.
And what does that
have to do with me?
You lied to him.
You made him believe
that you could fix him.
that you could somehow heal him.
Nope. I offered
Levi an opportunity.
He chose to take it.
You are disgusting.
And you are such
a disappointment.
You had so much potential.
Every opportunity.
Daughter of a pastor.
beautiful education. a doctor
and you squandered all of it.
Now. you're an ex-convict
following your brother.
and now your mother.
straight into the gutter.
[tense music]
You'll never make
anything of yourself.
All that talent
just wasted.
Now get out of here.
Be lucky I don't
have you thrown back
in a cell where you belong.
You're dismissed.
Nurse. where's the
patient Levi Sterling?
He was stable when I left.
Yes. as far as I know
that hasn't changed.
So where is he?
Ma'am he was transferred.
Where?
Listen. I'm his friend
and I'm a doctor.
I used to work here.
Then. you know the
rules on patient care.
Please. I need to know where
my friend was transferred.
It's a private medical facility.
So then it's settled?
Great. send me the confirmation
and it's important that
this remains confidential.
Thank you.
Please forgive me Kendrick.
[door buzzing]
You think God hears you?
I know he does. that's
why I'm still alive.
You might say that's
because I allowed it.
I could have smothered you
in your hospital bed
the last time we spoke.
But you didn't.
And I think about that often.
Why do I keep letting you live?
It's not you.
Oh?
God has a plan for me
and I truly believe that.
Well he has an interesting way
of showing his benevolence.
because here you
are at mymercy.
Listen Leona. if you wanted
to kill me up in here
you would have done it already.
Perhaps.
I keep thinking about that.
Maybe I do get some pleasure
out of keeping you around.
[laughing] It's comical really.
You're like a cartoon
character that won't stay dead.
I bury you alive.
poison you. Oh.
and there's a car crash.
And yet. here you are.
Like I said. it's not you.
Godhas a purpose for me.
[Leona laughing] What? To
entertain me?
Read the room. Kendrick.
I have all the power here.
What do you want Leona?
Well. you had the right
idea for once Kendrick.
It's time for us to pray.
It's time for us to go to God.
Hi. I'm looking
for Levi Sterling.
I'm sorry. we don't have
anyone by that name here.
He's here. he was just
transferred from Cyprus General.
But we don't have him
on record sorry ma'am.
Listen. I don't
need your apology.
I need you to tell me
where Levi is. okay?
The told me he was
transferred here.
-Hey. hey calm down please.
-I know he's here.
Miss. pardon me. Excuse me.
ma'am I'm Dr. Ross.
I can take you to see
Mr. Sterling. miss...
Christie. Johnson.
Dr. Ross?
Are you the one that's
been treating him?
Did you give him those drugs?
Ma'am listen. I
understand your concern.
Let me take you to see Levi.
No. no. no. you
could've killed him.
He believed in you after you
made him all those promises.
Hold on now. I never
promised Levi anything.
Listen. you're a
doctor. you understand
that patients take
informed risks
when it comes to the treatment.
Wait. how did you
know I was a doctor?
Mr. Sterling mentioned it.
Come on. come with me.
How is he?
What's his status?
How's he responding
to treatment?
See for yourself?
Levi?
I'm back. I'm back.
Oh my God.
I'm back!
You're okay.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
[gentle music]
I'm okay.
You're okay.
[gentle music]
You got a miracle. Levi.
Yeah. kind of feels
like a second chance.
[siren wailing]
Is that for you?
I guess so. but I
wasn't speeding.
[knocking on window]
[window whirring down]
Is there a problem officer?
It's after curfew.
What are you doing on the road?
We just came from the hospital.
Can I see your ID ma'am?
Sure.
Yeah. pulled over a driver
by the name of Christie Johnson.
Got it.
Ms. Johnson.
I'm gonna need you and your
passenger to come with me.
Excuse me?
Why?
Is that going to be a problem?
No. no. there's no problem.
but can you just tell us why?
By order of the mayor.
Let's not keep her waiting.
Wait. what are we doing here?
Yeah I own this church.
-Kendrick.
-Sis.
Christie. Levi. it's
good of you to join us.
It's time for church to begin.
Good evening. church.
I said. good evening church.
[Group] Good evening.
Members of the church board.
the last time I
stood at this pulpit.
it was very different.
I was asked to apologize.
to repent.
to be compliant.
I am not interested
in being compliant.
For decades. I watched
my husband
give sermon after sermon.
after sermon and I
watched as all of you.
and generations before
you. heeded his words.
his message. as if
it were ordained.
But what does that mean for me?
What was asked of me?
You wanted silence.
You wanted the dutiful
wife and mother
and first lady that would kneel
and supplicate and subjugate
herself and her ambitions.
I'm not interested.
Leona.
Don't interrupt me.
I know what power
looks like in the hands
of the weak. men generally.
who were too foolish
and easily distracted
to execute their vision.
But that does not absolve
the women. of course.
as Christie you veered far
from the path of anything
that was ever
envisioned for you.
And we don't have to go into
all of the reasons for that.
I am not weak.
I won't falter.
I will not kneel.
pastor Green. please
approach the pulpit.
Leona. this is not okay.
You must stop this.
Pastor Green.
approach the pulpit.
It's okay.
The last time I stood
here. the congregation.
your congregation.
they laughed at me.
A congregation built
over generations. by me.
They ostracized me.
They just wanted some
introspection from you.
a little humility.
Humility?
Don't you mean humiliation?
You want me to be humble?
Tell me pastor. the
cornerstone that you added
to New Hope when you rebuilt it.
whose name is on it?
Pastor Daniel Burke.
Right. Not me.
No mention of my
sacrifice. my work.
my contribution.
Leona.
First lady.
That's how you will
address me in my church.
I built this church.
I built this city.
You will all give me the
respect that I am due.
starting with you. Kneel.
What?
I said kneel.
I don't kneel to
anybody but God.
Oh. but there's a first
time for everything.
Bring him to his knees.
Hold on! Wait. no. No!
Leona. stop. just stop it.
Ella Mae. Are you here to
repent for your sins.
or to turn yourself in?
It's over mother.
let Kendrick go
and let these people go.
This is over. when
I say it's over.
after all. I'm the mayor.
Not anymore. you've been
impeached as acting mayor.
by a unanimous vote of the
city council of Cyprus.
You need to step down Leona.
effective immediately.
Does this look like
a democracy to you?
You know Leona.
I thought you would say
something like that.
Now!
[dramatic music]
Leona. by order of
the state of Georgia.
you need to step down.
[dramatic music]
[door buzzing]
I managed to rescind
your power of attorney.
you no longer have any
control over my assets.
Well. thankfully I got what
I needed when I had them.
Well maybe. but you're
going to need a hell
of an attorney after
all you've done.
What did I do exactly?
You terrorized the
citizens of Cyprus. for one.
I was the acting mayor.
I made executive orders
in a state of emergency.
You had the police break
into the citizens' homes.
You looted them.
you stole from them.
No. that was asset forfeiture.
necessary search and
seizure to find the girls
that went missing on your watch.
Yeah well. good luck
proving that to a judge.
but you know what?
You're going to go away
for a very long time
and don't expect to get
out of this one alive.
[laughing]
Think Ella Mae. do
you really believe
that I thought I would have
a definite reign over
the city of Cyprus?
I was the actingmayor.
Of course I understood
I had a certain window
to accomplish my goals.
Goals?
Your goals?
What were your
goals. Leona? Huh?
To hurt me?
Well congratulations. you
did that. you hurt me.
I should have never trusted you.
I should have never
believed that my mother.
would actually try to help me.
You killed Malik. you
set me up for murder.
you put him in my pool.
and then you called
the police. for what?
For what?
For them to arrest me?
What? Sentence me
to life in prison?
Or kill me. for what?
[pounding] What were your
goals Leona. huh?
Do you really hate me that
much. your own daughter?
Ella Mae. I'm--
[door buzzing]
Stacia. what are you doing here?
I am Leona's attorney.
What?
Why would you represent
her after all she's done?
She threw Kendrick in jail.
he couldn't even get to you.
I don't know anything
about that. I'm sorry.
But prior to all of the
alleged occurrences.
Leona retained me as
her legal counsel.
For what?
I obtained Leona's
immunity deal.
All of her actions
as acting mayor
have been deemed
inadmissible in court.
No. no that's not possible.
because the entire city council.
they are ready to
testify against her.
This deal goes up
before the Georgia State
Supreme Court Justice
and Leona is being vouched
for by state Senator Hayes.
who I believe you're
familiar with.
Stacia. you know
what she's done.
you know what she
is capable of doing.
She tried to kill Kendrick.
your baby's father.
more than once
and you choose to defend her.
I mean please. tell me why.
Everyone's entitled
to a defense.
Oh hell no. no I
am not buying that.
She got something on
you. I know better.
I was just trying-
Trying to what?
Trying what Stacia huh?
You're trying to help?
Help this sociopath?
Cause you sure as hell ain't
helping me or Kendrick.
Oh God. I can't believe that
you are carrying his child.
that man loves you. he
will never leave you.
This? This is what you do?
I am sorry. Ella.
Yeah just go. just
get out of here.
[Leona laughing]
Well that was entertaining.
Did you really think I
wouldn't have an exit plan?
I really taught you nothing.
You know what?
This is the thing Leona.
you may be getting out
of a prison sentence.
but there's no exit for you.
Really?
Yeah. because you are a pariah.
you have destroyed anything
that's left of your name
and your reputation
here in Cyprus
and that's what matters to you.
That's what you lost.
Maybe.
but I learned a lesson
when I was quite young.
It is better to be
feared than loved
and every citizen in
Cyprus is afraid of me.
Well enjoy it mother dear.
because that's a very
lonely existence.
Ella. one more
thing before you go.
I didn't kill Malik Thompson.
I didn't put his
body in your pool.
but you might want to
think long and hard
about who did. Madam Mayor.
[knocking]
Come in.
Ms. Johnson. good
to see you again.
Please have a seat.
Yes. it's good to see you too.
Thank you for agreeing
to meet with me Dr. Ross.
Of course. it's my pleasure.
What can I do for you?
I want to apologize.
I was so scared about
everything involving Levi
and I know I wasn't the
most composed person
when I came in here before.
I understand. When you're
closely connected to a patient.
it can be hard to separate
your personal feelings.
I was worried. so
worried about him.
especially when he ended
up in the hospital.
Thankfully it all worked out.
Yes. thanks to you.
That's actually why I'm here.
You know. I'm a doctor.
Yes. Levi spoke
very highly of you.
But what you may not know is
that I don't currently
have my medical license.
Hmm.
That's unfortunate.
But I'm going to do
something about that.
More importantly. I want
to do something about that.
because I would love
to work with you.
I want to learn from you.
Well...
...that could be
very interesting.
Pastor Green.
My lawyers have assured me
that Leona has absolutely no
further claim on the church.
I didn't realize she had a
claim in the first place.
Sometimes you got to make
a deal with the devil
on the path to salvation.
Is that what you got. salvation?
I call it a new
chapter. a fresh start.
Well here's to that.
[laughing]
By the way. everything's set
on Malik Thompson's funeral.
I think Jabari will be
very proud of the sendoff
that we're giving
to his brother.
Good to hear. pastor
and thank you.
Just want to make sure Jabari
gets everything he deserves.
Me too.
Me too. [patting]
Everything he deserves.
Hey babe.
Hey sweetheart. you were
gone when I woke up.
Yeah I had to handle some
business at UpSurge.
[scoffing] Yeah.
You were so cute. I
didn't to wake you up.
You need your sleep.
Trust me. I got what
I need right here. [chuckling]
I gotta tell you something.
What?
It's complicated.
Listen. is this about
Leona not being charged?
I saw it on the news already.
It's no surprise. that woman
always escapes. you know that.
That's part of it.
I helped her. I got
Leona her immunity deal.
What?
She was threatening you.
I didn't know where
she was holding you.
I didn't know if you
were dead or alive.
So she made you help her.
Yes.
So you were protecting me.
I was.
I wanted to. I'm so sorry.
Listen. you don't have
nothing to be sorry about.
-But-
-Wait.
You did what you had
to do to keep me safe.
to protect our family.
How could I be mad at you
for something like that?
Sweetheart. you're going to
be a great mother to our baby.
Can't wait. I love you.
[gentle. dramatic music]
I love you.
Get in Jaleesa.
I don't want that.
It was a job well
done. you earned it.
I just want to find Candy.
You said you were
going to help me.
And a will. I keep my promises.
You did exactly as I asked you.
Now continue to keep
your mouth shut.
Can I go?
Of course. aren't you
forgetting something?
I knew this little burner
phone would come in handy.
[Leona chuckling]
Be careful out there Jaleesa.
the streets can be dangerous.
[knocking on door]
Can I come in?
When have you ever asked
for permission. Ella Mae?
So. I guess you already
heard about Leona?
No charges.
Yeah. no charges.
No charges for
terrorizing Kendrick.
no charges for terrorizing
the citizens of Cyprus.
and no charges for
setting me up for murder.
Wow. she got immunity
for all that stuff.
Well. you see. they
couldn't charge her
for setting me up for murder.
because she didn't do it. Rex.
You did.
You put Malik's body in my pool.
you set me up.
You know what Ella?
I sure as hell did.
Why. Rex?
Do you hate me that much?
You got it all wrong Ella.
I loved you that much.
You see Ella. you
threw it all away.
You killed my father.
So what?
You killed St .Jones.
Sheri Tucker. Ford. Paige.
You killed all of
them Ella. yeah.
Your body count is sky high.
The only difference
is you called me
and I was the one who
buried all the bodies.
But. see. where you
made the mistake Ella.
you got too comfortable.
You don't think I've felt it?
As much as I love you. the way
you were stringing me along.
playing me like a little bitch.
You got used to
living in a world
where I was your whipping
boy and your greatest ally.
But you should get used
to living in the world
where Rex Fisher is
your biggest enemy.
So no. you didn't kill Malik.
but your ass is
going down for it.
-So here's to you Ella.
-[dramatic music]
Game over. I'm gonna be
your worst nightmare.
[shattering glass]
[dramatic music builds]